Add rumble support to bevy_gilrs (#3868)
bevyengine/bevy: examples/README.md

`char_input_events` | [`input/char_input_events.rs`](./input/char_input_events.rs) | Prints out all chars as they are inputted.
`gamepad_input` | [`input/gamepad_input.rs`](./input/gamepad_input.rs) | Shows handling of gamepad input, connections, and disconnections
`gamepad_input_events` | [`input/gamepad_input_events.rs`](./input/gamepad_input_events.rs) | Iterates and prints gamepad input and connection events

> `gamepad_rumble` | [`input/gamepad_rumble.rs`](./input/gamepad_rumble.rs) | Make a controller rumble

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gamepad_rumble` | [`input/gamepad_rumble.rs`](./input/gamepad_rumble.rs) | Makes a controller vibrate for force-feedback purposes
```

Keyword stuffing!
